

Hello Revolutionaries! 

I want to give you an update on how the Brand New Congress is going. But first: Thank you to all the hard work thousands of volunteers are doing from Guam to California to DC! And thank you to everyone all over the country who are phonebanking into and traveling to upcoming states! I talked with some groups in California recently and they are so fired up, and getting so much positivity on the doors it is amazing. 

Meanwhile, a handful of former volunteer leaders from the Bernie movement and a few ex-staffers (most of whom started as volunteers) are building a long-term movement for a Brand New Congress in a really beautiful way. I want to give you a window into what's happening and invite you to join when the time is right. 

On Bernie's campaign, in July 2015 -- seven months before Iowa -- we starting building volunteer teams to run the national grassroots campaign. I would simply email people on the list and ask them to join conference calls. I'd tell the assembled volunteers about a big job that needed a team, and a few of the attendees would stick around to do it. 

The only "problem" was that a massive grassroots movement was already in full swing in every community in America. My inbox and voicemail was instantly flooded with demands for fliers, phone banking tools, VAN access, venue rentals, legal advice -- and above all, for the campaign to send someone to come open up offices. In other words, we, the Bernie campaign, were way *behind* the Bernie grassroots movmement -- except of course in Iowa and New Hampshire which were fully staffed by two teams of incredible organizers with fantastic in-state leadership. 

The teams we put together -- of volunteers to serve volunteers -- were powerful and effective. They developed into a sophisticated campaign infrastructure that did everything the campaign allowed us...well, didn't flat out prevent us from doing. 







Hi Mary!

Bernie volunteer leaders everywhere want to keep their offices open after the official campaign packs up and leaves their states. This movement wants to keep fighting in all 50 states! 

Today we're asking you to help us help volunteers in two cities -- Los Angelese and Morristown, Tennessee -- keep their office open. To pay for six months, we need $17,000. If half of us gave $5, we'd reach that goal today. 

[Will you help these volunteers keep the revolution going by donating $5? All of your donation will go towards the offices.]

On the Bernie campaign, offices where volunteers gathered and worked were central to victory in so many states. Unfortunately, in too many states, offices opened only weeks before Election Day. If we are going to keep up the fight in 2016, and then fight for a Brand New Congress in 2018, we need to start setting up <b>permanent</b> bases of operations <b>everywhere</b>. 

We're beginning today with two requests we need your help to honor: In Los Angeles, Bernie volunteers are asking us to help keep their grassroots Bernie office open after their June 7 primary. Many powerful friendships and collaborations have begun at their office. Let's keep it going!

And in Tennessee, Corbin Trent, who started Tennessee for Bernie and was later a national staffer, is asking for help to open an office in Morristown, deep in one of America's reddest districts.  

[Click here to help them with $5 or any size donation. All the money you donate will go toward opening grassroots, volunteer-led offices.]

Eventually, there will be hundreds of these grassroots offices across all 50 states. We learned on the Bernie campaign that offices multiplied 


